(The first morning in Jeju Island!)
(The members are gathered in the lobby early in the morning!)
HaSeul: It’s first day of filming in Jeju!
HaSeul: Please tell us how you feel now, Choerry.
Choerry: First of all...
Choerry: I’m so relieved that it’s not raining.
Choerry: And today...
Kim Lip: By the way, what if it rains?
HaSeul: Anyway, shall we go to start Choerry's MV shooting?
Choerry: Sure!
(It’s not raining, but it's a little cloudy. )
HaSeul: Are you ready, Choerry?
Choerry: Of course!
HaSeul: Now you are so passionate~~~
(The music video shoot has started and Choerry doing passionately!)
(By the way… It’s raining suddenly as soon as filming started)
Choerry: It started to rain…
Choerry: I think it’s HaSeul…
Choerry: HaSeul’s curse again..
HaSeul: I’m sorry!
HaSeul: I didn’t expected it, but it’s raining again…
HaSeul: From now on, you better not take me to the outside filming or shooting, except a studio shooting...